a very applied type from the tactical to a scheme that without much practice
went off the field to form less than against Brazil
although it may seem ugly to say
the one by which
had otegui expectations to certain already exceeded
after 180 minutes she a little bit relegated out of respect for the other
It's what I thought
gelsinger
neuer a eta mentioned above will be examined the first time
I believe that individual values
as an alternative
for
an eliminatory match
may be the October 7 as the candy was later
if you have to rescue individual values
can be a player orion
d of change that is
substitutes sergio rosemary perfectly
it has shown
my mother finally opened me
can not push the ball
that was all of the first time
I said it by Orion
What Calderón seems like
You can definitely be a player to
to be here the conciliation of the eliminatory way that is not true
august juan valera while you are thinking from that place and given the fact
to keep it going throughout the match
so much fernandez later
can not be
a player to say high value
stepped on the area
today 12 8 applied tactically
of good present in vélez
p pongo pay attention because just poet played ugly head of the
water ana
the source this is the insurance
does not advance the ball at the end
and fifth the second partial
he practically increased his children
do not be always followed
to try to cut each one of the touches and in the last
that brilliant pass so that lucas makes a false and victorious training
where are you going to face the archer
from the middle of the court and efficient who has finished if the second goal
Pope should have closed with right leg that's why
and good one of the drying plants
defenders for what was the selection and that although they do not want to submit papa
terror we did not achieve I do not close with only lefties and equator in the
even if your aunt disables you when the selection
Argentina
the idea is to be able to be
it should be possible
he should be able to close his right leg so farah throws the ball away but
good
the reality that he did not
urgent
simply you
bridge like this will also further determined
getting the ball avn this what little Argentina has
the second half was what he saw
adolfo fernández
inside the box argentina boy blinded by him
right sector of the area
for that and what also followed
everything that he also aspired to within the conclusions
ee what sabella can be left
cgg italian veritas
a type that alternates
in going out of the area to pilot to play as well he knows how to do and
who does it in the mouth luckily in this case also for the fact that
beyond not specifying
you can take the treatment
I will confiscate satisfactions and I was also in the place of this
hospital is one of the few situations clarita that had the
argentina what they called me forum generates because I had but the area the
receive and I turned hooked and well I would not define social what luca
have to try to come true
if you get to the side
the one he likes so much to go out to play but also the one in between
old and in this case
the most clear political situation of a forward
it had just the only tip that that viatri